Plan of Attack:

Note:
For some reason, the phone call to the 

Create the app using Spring Boot to make an executable JAR.
For redundancy, try to zip up the relevant files to run as a web application on a Tomcat server.

Phases
	1. Simple PhoneBuzz
		a. Use Spring MVC to create a webpage (view unimportant for Phase 1)
		b. Webpage will just have a request mapping and a response body
		c. Response body will be
			i. Say: Ask for a number
			ii. Gather: Save the input number
			iii. Say: Depending on the previous Gather, recite FizzBuzz
				 Try to do this programmatically with mods  

	2. Dialing PhoneBuzz
		a. Home page displays a form with a textbox and a submit button
		b. sanitize the textbox input
			i. luckily the api handles this for me with twiliorestexception, presumably based off of the input to the "to" parameter
		c. send request to Spring controller which uses twilio rest api

	3. Delayed PhoneBuzz (different approaches)
		Approach A:
			a. send the request from the home page to an intermediate TwiML page that will <pause> for however long the client details.
			b. after the pause, <redirect> the the twiml to the /outbound page
			Concerns: 
				-what's the best way to pass the callParams through the intermediate page whether it's html or TwiML?
		Approach B: 
			a. send the request to an intermediate html view with js that counts down to 0 
			b. use js methods to redirect to the /outbound page
			Concerns: 
				-what's the best way to pass the callParams through the intermediate page whether it's html or TwiML?
					+use a hidden form?
		Approach C: (first attempted, but ran into problems)
			a. take the delay parameter in the /outbound method and countdown within the method after put-ing all the callParams, then allow the method to proceed to the callFactory.create(callParams) line
			Problems: 
				-this approach freezes the browser on the home page but still sends the request.
				-more requests cannot be made from the original page
		Approach D: (an add-on to Approach C)
			a. use helper libraries to create the call as usual
			b. on the home page html, when the submit button is clicked, make it unclickable for however long the delay is so the controller has time to delay execution and send the request
				i. say the request has been submitted and the page will re-render once the call is sent
			c. have the controller return the home page view
			Concerns:
				-the view and controller are now tightly coupled
		Ideal circumstance:
			a. user send request and a new page is rendered, perhaps the same page
			b. after the specified delay the call is made
			c. when the new page is rendered and when the call is made are not related
			ideas:
				-perhaps look into using ajax?
		Approach E:
			a. include a jQuery controller in the home page view which uses ajax to send a request to /outbound with the delay and target as parameters
			b. change outbound()'s return type to be a ResponseEntity with any exceptions or meaningful output e.g. status 

	4. Tracking PhoneBuzz
		a. Save all calls to a database
		b. Query the database on the home page for all phone calls
		c. for each row returned, display the time, target phone number, delay, and digits used for fizzbuzz
		d. include a replay button
			i. send the request to /phonebuzz
				-cannot send the request to /simple because that would prompt the target for a number
				-idea 1: create a conditional statement that sends the request directly to /phonebuzz with the Digits parameter set if the request was made by a "replay"
		NOTE: This will also save calls made to the number without the web application.
		Concern: where to put the replays insert table?
			column: time -- scope: home view, /outbound, /simple, /phonebuzz
			column: phoneNum -- scope: home view, /outbound
			column: delay -- scope: home view, /outbound
			column: digits -- /phonebuzz


